Allah Adas had saved his whole life for
this home an Israeli airstrike this week
smashed several walls and shattered that
life
it was really really hard the emotion is
greater than I can express
in this bedroom the dried blood belongs
to dania and Iman his two youngest
daughters
both now dead
my daughters wear my eyes today I lost
my eyes I lost my eyes my heart is
broken
at the beginning of the recent
escalation victims of proximity their
neighbor a commander of the Islamic
Jihad arm group over the last few days
and nights of bombardments here in Gaza
an Israeli military target has often
been differentiated by mere meters from
a family tragedy
Allah's only son Hamza seems still in
shock at the funeral their neighbor's
body lay wrapped in an Islamic Jihad
shroud Dania and a man beneath the
Palestinian flag
their bodies lifted up
Paradise the crowd shout Dania was due
to marry in July
I am how would you feel as a father if
you were preparing to celebrate your
daughter's wedding in a white dress and
a month's time and instead you are
burying hair in that white dress
[Music]
Israel's decision to resume targeted
assassinations may have damaged the
fighting capacity of one gazan
resistance faction
but at a kilometer's cost to the city's
people
what's their guilt what did they do no
this was a full-scale crime they know
there are civilians in here
despite this destruction what passes for
normal life in Gaza has resumed for many
the ceasefire means fuel shipments can
flow once more
and street food Sizzle again
but for some like Allah rebuilding his
life will mean coming to terms with
tremendous loss villain marks Al Jazeera
Gaza
representative